a - Ant
-------

Ants are an easy opponent to defeat, expect perhaps when they appear en masse.
Of ants, the strongest are soldier ants.

A - Alien
---------

Aliens are extraterrestrial creatures from outer space. They may have superhuman
powers, and as such, can be tricky opponents to beat in combat.

b - Bee
-------

Bees are relatively easy opponents, for they can only sting once. Bees protect
their queen.

B - Bee Queen
-------------

Bee queens are hard to get in contact with; they have armies of bees surrounding
them to protect them with their lives.

d - Dog
-------

Your pet dog follows you. It may hit smaller creatures to defend you. Don't
forget to feed your beloved pet now and again, although it eats corpses of the
monsters you slay.

D - Deities
-----------

Deities may appear in the game as either friendly or hostile creatures. These
beings have individual supernatural powers.

G - Ghoul
---------

Ghouls are flesh-eaters, therefore common around graveyards. Ghoul wounds may
cause infections, even kill the unlucky traveler later. Ghouls can assuime the
guise of an animal, especially hyena. Ghouls drink blood, steal gold, and eat
the dead, then taking the form of the person most recently eaten.

H - Human
---------

Human beings are usually friendly unless you attack them. You may get rare items
by looting remrants of human beings or by trading items with them.

O - Oracle
----------

Oracles share pieces of wisdom to give hints for the game.

u - Unicorn
-----------

v - Vampire
-----------

In Slavic and Chinese traditions, any corpse that was jumped over by an animal,
particularly a dog or cat, was feared to become one of the undead.

In Mjolnir, vampires can be killed by staking them throught the heart with a
piece of oak, shooting them with a silver bullet, drowning them, or sprinkling
holy water on their bodies. Vampires avoid garlic. Vampires, including Dracula,
can also be killed by touching them with the Holy Cross.

V - Dracula
-----------

The prince of vampires. Protected by other vampires. For ways to defeat Dracula,
see under Vampire.

w - Wolf
--------

Wolves howl at night. They tend to wander in packs, therefore making them a bit
harder an opponent to fight.

W - Fenris
----------

A wolf-born deity of mighty powers. Can only be chained using Mjolnir.

Z - zombie
----------

Zombies are a form of undead. Always hostile, zombies will attack any target but
other zombies at sight. Zombies can be killed by cutting them in pieces or by
shooting them with a silver bullet. The demon whip is also good agains zombies.

